Update Compatible release track (#6666)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks.md

## Which release tracks are available?

> | Release track | Description | Plan Availability | API Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Release track | Description | Plan availability | API value |
```

| ------------- | ----------- | ----------------- | --------- |

> | **Latest** <Lifecycle status="GA"/> |  (Formerly called "Versionless") Provides a continuous release of the latest functionality in dbt Cloud, and includes early access to new features of the dbt framework before they're available in open source releases of dbt Core | All plans | `latest` (or `versionless`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Latest** <br /> <Lifecycle status="GA"/> |  (Formerly called "Versionless") Provides a continuous release of the latest functionality in dbt Cloud, and includes early access to new features of the dbt framework before they're available in open source releases of dbt Core | All plans | `latest` (or `versionless`) |
```

## Which release tracks are available?

| Release track | Description | Plan Availability | API Value |
| ------------- | ----------- | ----------------- | --------- |

> | **Latest** `<Lifecycle status="GA"/>` |  (Formerly called "Versionless") Provides a continuous release of the latest functionality in dbt Cloud, and includes early access to new features of the dbt framework before they're available in open source releases of dbt Core | All plans | `latest` (or `versionless`) |

Reviewer: 🔥 api value!!!!!

## Which release tracks are available?

> - **"Latest"** (available to all plans, formerly called "Versionless"): Provides a continuous release of the latest functionality in dbt Cloud. Includes early access to new features of the dbt framework before they're available in open source releases of dbt Core.

Reviewer: might benefit having this turn into tables so it's easier to read - happy to do that for you @jtcohen6 if you have no issues with that?

Reviewer: so like this:

| Release track | Description | Availability | 
| ------------- | ------------ | ---------- | 
| **"Latest"** |  Formerly called "Versionless". Provides a continuous release of the latest functionality in dbt Cloud. Includes early access to new features of the dbt framework before they're available in open source releases of dbt Core. | Available to all plans. |
| **"Compatible"** `<Lifecycle status="preview"/>`  | Provides a monthly release aligned with the most recent open source versions of dbt Core and adapters, plus functionality exclusively available in dbt Cloud. |  Available to Team + Enterprise |
| **"Extended"** `<Lifecycle status="preview"/>` | The previous month's "Compatible" release. | Available to Enterprise |

Author: I'll take a crack at this!

Reviewer: No probs and this is the markdown to help:
```

| Release track | Description | Availability | 
| ------------- | ------------ | ---------- | 
| **"Latest"** |  Formerly called "Versionless". Provides a continuous release of the latest functionality in dbt Cloud. Includes early access to new features of the dbt framework before they're available in open source releases of dbt Core. | Available to all plans. |
| **"Compatible"** `<Lifecycle status="preview"/>`  | Provides a monthly release aligned with the most recent open source versions of dbt Core and adapters, plus functionality exclusively available in dbt Cloud. |  Available to Team + Enterprise |
| **"Extended"** `<Lifecycle status="preview"/>` | The previous month's "Compatible" release. | Available to Enterprise |

```

Reviewer: No probs and this is the markdown to help:
```

| Release track | Description | Availability | 
| ------------- | ------------ | ---------- | 
| **"Latest"** |  Formerly called "Versionless". Provides a continuous release of the latest functionality in dbt Cloud. Includes early access to new features of the dbt framework before they're available in open source releases of dbt Core. | Available to all plans. |
| **"Compatible"** `<Lifecycle status="preview"/>`  | Provides a monthly release aligned with the most recent open source versions of dbt Core and adapters, plus functionality exclusively available in dbt Cloud. |  Available to Team + Enterprise |
| **"Extended"** `<Lifecycle status="preview"/>` | The previous month's "Compatible" release. | Available to Enterprise |

```

If you're running dbt version 1.6 or older, please know that your version of dbt Core has reached [end-of-life (EOL)](/docs/dbt-versions/core#eol-version-support) and is no longer supported. We strongly recommend that you update to a newer version as soon as reasonably possible.

> dbt Labs has extended the critical support period of dbt Core v1.7 for dbt Cloud Enterprise customers to March 2025. At that point, we will be encouraging all customers to select a Release Track for receiving ongoing updates to dbt in dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs has extended the critical support period of dbt Core v1.7 for dbt Cloud Enterprise customers to March 2025. At that point, we will be encouraging all customers to select a Release Track for ongoing updates in dbt Cloud.
```

<Expandable alt_header="I'm using an older version of dbt in dbt Cloud. What should I do? What happens if I do nothing?" >

If you're running dbt version v1.6 or older, please know that your version of dbt Core has reached [end-of-life (EOL)](/docs/dbt-versions/core#eol-version-support) and is no longer supported. We strongly recommend that you update to a newer version as soon as reasonably possible.

dbt Labs has extended the "Critical Support" period of dbt Core v1.7 for dbt Cloud Enterprise customers while we work through the migration with those customers to Release Tracks. In the meantime, this means that v1.7 will continue to be accessible in dbt Cloud for Enteprise customers, jobs and environments on v1.7 for those customers will not be automatically migrated to "Latest," and dbt Labs will continue to fix critical bugs and security issues.

> Starting in October 2024, dbt Cloud accounts on the Developer and Team plans have been migrated off very old dbt Core versions and onto release tracks. If your account has been migrated to the "Latest" release track, and you are seeing net-new failures in your scheduled dbt jobs, please [contact dbt Cloud support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support) to report the problem or request an extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in October 2024, dbt Cloud accounts on the Developer and Team plans have been migrated to release tracks from older dbt Core versions. If your account was migrated to the "Latest" release track and you notice new failures in scheduled jobs, please [contact dbt Cloud support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support) to report the problem or request an extension.
```
